In the last movie we saw how to find the
first and last of occurrence of an element in the array
using a modified version of binary search
We shall make use of the same logic here
Let us find the first occurrence of integer n
in the array
For this the larger case do a binary search of
integer in the array and whenever we find the integer
we should store the respective array index in a variable
and continue the search by pointing end to mid
Minus one does
At the end we will have the first position of
the integer in a variable
Next let us find the last of occurrence of the
integer
For this again we have to do a binary search
And whenever the integer is found we will store the
index in a variable and continue the search by pointing
start to mid plus one
We will now have the first and last occurrence
of the integer in two variables
Thus we can calculate count by doing last pos minus first pos plus one.